---
title: 'Meeting Minutes - March 19, 2020'
date: '2020-03-19'
template: 'genericPage'
path: '/minutes/mar19_2020'
---

## Members Present:

President: Michael Bennett  
SCC Manager: Andrew Foisey  

Michael calls meeting to order at March 19, 2020 4:01. Andrew seconds.

Andrew motions to accept the agenda. Michael seconds.

### 1. Association report:

1. Have not heard back from key requests. Andrew attempts to interject, but the meeting moves forward regardless.
2. Elections will occur in Fall, assuming school resumes. AGM scheduling should be a decision item next meeting. 

### 2. Financial report:

1. See previous minutes for current status.

### 3. SCC report:

1. It's pretty okay.
2. Calendar is still a potential project. No point working on it right now.

### 4. Website report:

1.  Michael took photos for a new header image for the website. Will create a collage later.
2.  Still todo on calendar for SCC being integrated into website.
3.  Website redesign probably not currently necessary but worth working on if students are interested.
4.  TODO - take down 3D printer info on website. Maybe put up mention of faculty printer, if they want.
5.  Exam scheduler could be useful, there is some student interest.
6.  Caleb & Mykal both have website access now.

### 5. Communications report:

1.  Discord bot has been added for notifications.

### 6. Projects report:

1.  Pinboards are on hold until virus ceases.
3.  If anyone wants GitHub association access, request it at https://github.com/ufvcsa
3.  TODO - fix csa email account system

### 7. Events report:

1.  ERA event is cancelled.
2.  Hackathon: Still a possibility in the future. Should consider talking to professors when possible about involvement.
3.  Funding might be possible through UFV. TODO - look into this as an option for events.
4.  Gaming event would still be popular. Considering either Board Games+LAN or Smash/similar tournament. Should discuss with more people. TODO - Probe for interest in Discord.

### 8. Expansion report:

1.  We are now in touch with Kayla from co-op and there is mutual interest in future coop related events.

### 9. Department news:

1.  IEEE Hackathon has been delayed until at least May 1.

## Decision Items:

1. Meet in 3 weeks online again to discuss further. Schedule it next week.

Meeting adjourned at 4:12PM by Michael.

Meeting minutes created by Michael Bennett.
